# coursework
A compilation of projects and reports created for my Masters programs.

1. Armington_AIT735_FinalProjectSubmission_Redacted.pdf was my final thesis project for the class called Case Study in Database Management Systems. The purpose of the case study was to demonstrate knowledge of database design, architecture, implementation and maintenance using a real-world scenario. We were required to choose an existing company, come up with a business need based on the goals and objectives of the company, and design a database system that addresses that need. We were required to research the company, analyze the problem, specify the requirements, design the system/database architecture, estimate the schedule for the completion of the project and create a working prototype of the system. I chose to design database system for a previous employer. However, I have redacted the instructor's name and given the company a fictitious name in order to keep it anonymous.
2. Armington_DATA610_Assignment1.pdf was an assignment I completed for the class called Decision Management Systems. The purpose of this assignment was to frame a decision to be analyzed by using DecisionsFirst software to build a Decisions Requirements Model. In this assignment, I applied the five steps of decision modeling: identify decisions, describe decisions, specify decision requirements, decompose and refine the model, and generate an Analytic Requirements Document. I chose to analyze a previous employer. In this version of the assignment, I have given the company a fictitious name in order to keep it anonymous.
3. Armington_DATA610_Assignment4.pdf was an assignment I completed for the class called Decision Management Systems. The purpose of this assignment was to analyze a publicly available dataset by developing a linear regression model and discussing the results. I used the data set abalone.data from the UCI Machine Learning Repository. In this assignment, I developed a multiple linear regression model in RStudio and compared it to the linear regression model in Predixion, as well as to two alternate regression decision tree models using R.
4. Armington_AIT732_Project.pdf was my final project for the class called Advanced Database Management Systems. The purpose of the project was to create a working mini-database system from a user's basic requirements. The database created was considered the back-end for a database application. It was required that stored procedures (Pl/SQL) be used for all database access.
